hey yeah you see I used to be a king of
my own people you know yeah to crown
everything high guard shell hi guys
what's with the long face oh nothing
it's just this store scream has all the
look when it comes to the ladies you
wanna go back to my place for some
Energon sometime oh I'm sure it's not
that bad well actually girls have always
loved Starscream but now the Hasbro
turned him giant and gave him a crown
he's even more popular than ever
hey we know how to get you a hot date
really how just hang out with us you'll
get a great girl just you watch okay hey
guard show was with the ponies you're
gonna have a little tea party hahahaha
ah I don't think this is gonna work just
wait a little longer you'll see
Oh new ponies can I come with a
transformer I missing on me
okay okay that's just not fair
it wasn't even begin the star ah